(DISTANT SIRENS)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello, ladies and
gentlemen, boys and girls.
My name is Jimmy
Breslin. I'm a writer.
I write about New York,
the city of my birth,
where I've lived and
worked all my life.
The city that I love
and hate both equally.
Today things are much different.
Business is booming up and up.
Crime is down, down, down.
Homicides are the lowest
it's been since 1961.
It wasn't always like this.
BRESLIN: This film is about
a different time and place.
The good old days. The hot,
blistering summer of 1977.
There are eight million
stories in the naked city.
This was one.
(DOG BARKING)
(MAN HYPERVENTILATING)
Shut that dog up!
(SCREAMING, WHINING)
(REPEATING HYSTERICALLY)
(AGONIZED HOWL)
(SINGING) There was something
in the air that night
The stars were bright Fernando
They were shining there for you and me
For liberty
- Wanna go to the beach tomorrow?
- Let's go to Jones.
I have a hair appointment tomorrow.
(DOG BARKING)
- I'll just cancel it.
- Yeah.
(BARKING, MUSIC CONTINUE)
- Who's this?
- Can we help you?
(SCREAMING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(CAR HORN BLARES)
If I had to do the same again
I would, my friend
Fernando
(SINGING) Boogie night
Boogie night
Ain't no doubt
We are here to party
Boogie night
Come on out
Got to get it started
Dance with the boogie
Get down
'Cause boogie nights are
always the best in town
Got to keep on dancing
Keep on dancing
Boogie night
Get that groove
Better take it higher
Boogie night
Make it move
Set this place on fire
Dance with the boogie
Get down
'Cause boogie nights are
always the best in town
Good to see you. Here you go.
- Don't spend it all in one place.
- Thank you.
Keep on dancing
(SINGING)
Let's find a place, they say
Somewhere far away
with no Blacks, no Jews and no gays
There but for the grace of God
There go I
No Blacks, no Jews and no gays
There but for the grace of God
There go I
Poppy and the family
left the dirty streets
To find a quiet place overseas
And year after year
the kid has to hear
The dos the don'ts and the dears
And when she's ten years old
she digs that rock 'n' roll
But Poppy bans it from home
There but for the grace of God
There go I
Go, go I
It could be me It could be you
There but for the grace of God
Go, go I
(FUNK MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHEERING)
You were killing me out there.
- You look good tonight.
- You do.
- I do?
- You kill me.
You get me going.
Billy Martin? Everybody
wants to talk to him.
What's up?
Sweetheart.
What's the score, Joey?
Yankees three, A's two.
Top of the ninth.
Good.
JOEY: Let me get you a drink.
- Dionna, your cousin's stuck-up.
- MAN: Yeah, really.
She doesn't speak English.
Thank God. I thought I
was losing my touch.
You are, you know.
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
(LAUGHING)
Vinny, it's midnight. We
gotta take Chiara home.
I'll take her home. I got
my Corvette outside.
That's all my father needs to see.
Then we'll all get beatings.
- We'll take you home.
- Baby, you stay. I'll take her.
- You're having a good time.
- Yeah?
I don't feel well.
I gotta get some air.
- You all right?
- I don't feel well.
- I don't mind. I don't care.
- All right.
- JOEY: Have a shot.
- I gotta go.
- Come on!
- Have a shot.
- Come on.
- Peer pressure.
- To the Yankees!
- ALL: Yankees!
- This is horrible.
- Salute.
Vinny, pick me up a sandwich.
BLT. Mustard, not mayo.
- VINNY: All right, baby.
- Okay. I love you.
(GRUNTING, SCREAMING)
- Vincenzo!
- Shit.
(BEEPING)
VINNY: I'm fucking coming. God!
Fucking son of a bitch.
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Put your panties back on.
Come on.
(CHIARA SPEAKING ITALIAN)
- (CONTINUES IN ITALIAN)
- (VINNY MUTTERS)
(ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Why do they have to
come here and do that?
Right in front of your house.
Like dogs in heat.
No class. No couth.
I had a real good time tonight.
Are you busy tomorrow? I'd
really like to see you again.
(DOG BARKING)
(SINGING)
Fooled around and fell in love
I fooled around and fell in love
Since I met you, baby
Fooled around and fell in love
(SHOTS, SCREAMING)
Free, on my own
That's the way I used to be
But since I met you, baby
love's got a hold on me
Fooled around and fell in love
It's got a hold on me now
(SINGING) Dippy doo
Run, run, run
Dippy doo
Hey, I'm taking my bag
And I'm running away now
Run, run, run
'Cause you've been mean to me
And I've been good to you
Where's my sandwich?
Oh, shit.
- I forgot, baby. I'm sorry.
- I got the munchies.
- Let's dance. Forget munchies.
- I don't wanna.
Let's go to the diner and get
breakfast. Eggs or something.
Don't wanna dance some more?
I'll dance on the
way out. Follow me.
- You look beautiful.
- Thanks, but I want breakfast.
You danced so great tonight, baby.
'Cause you're
beautiful, that's why.
Don't stop. It feels so good.
What took you so long?
I just stopped to take a leak.
I drank too much tonight, you know?
Where? At the house?
Come on.
Are you writing a
book or something?
I'm just asking.
Yeah, you're asking. Sure.
- I didn't accuse you of anything.
- I know, sweetie pie.
You danced beautifully tonight,
too. It was a lot of fun.
(POLICE SIREN APPROACHING)
Officer, what the
hell happened here?
- What's going on?
- Go on, to your right. Now.
- Cruz, baby. Qué pasa?
- Double homicide.
- Yeah? .44 Caliber Killer?
- Looks like that.
I'll see what's going on.
Stay right here.
OFFICER: What a mess.
CRUZ:
Looks like somebody died out here.
- OFFICER: Guy. What's up?
- I live over here. Okay?
These are victims six and seven.
Shit's gonna hit the fan.
Charlie, you're gonna like
this part. He left a note.
CHARLIE: No shit? He left a note?
Who is this guy? Fucking
William Shakespeare?
Yes, Lou. This could be the break.
LOU: Somebody bag this. I need
it taken down to forensics.
CRUZ: Eddie, let's get the shot.
LOU: Hey!
You can't be there.
Get out of there.
Get away. Get behind the line.
Behind the yellow tape. Come on.
Get him out of here.
OFFICER: Come on.
Six and seven, like you said.
Let's go. Nothing more
to see here, folks.
- What time did they find them?
- 10:20.
- Who found them?
- The daughter.
(VOMITING)
DIONNA: Oh, my God.
Vincent, what's...
(CONTINUES RETCHING)
Oh, my God.
- Are you all right?
- Move over.
I'm sorry. You're
gonna have to drive.
What happened?
- I just saw the bodies.
- The bodies?
- He's back.
- Somebody got killed?
The .44 Caliber Killer's back.
Please take me home.
I gotta get out of here.
MAN: Victims.
Six.
(FLIES BUZZING)
Seven.
ANNOUNCER: All news,
all the time. This is WINS.
You give us 22 minutes,
we'll give you the world.
WINS time at the tone, 3:00.
It happened again last night.
More terror and bloodshed.
The .44 Caliber Killer striking
again, leaving two more dead.
The police have recovered a
note left at the murder scene,
but have not released its
contents to the press.
Parents continue their vigil, warning
their children not to go out,
keeping daughters home, afraid
they'll park in lovers' lane,
for fear they'll be a
victim of the mad killer.
It's hot, hazy and humid.
People trying to go out at
night, but they're afraid.
Afraid to walk the street, afraid
this killer will strike again,
shooting them down in cold blood.
(LOW CHATTER)
- Good morning, Ma.
- Hi, sweetheart.
Not for me. I'm losing.
- Put some clothes on.
- Morning? It's 3:30 p.m.
Nice tux, Ed.
It's your mother's idea.
She got me a gig with a wedding band.
That's what my career's down to.
Can I borrow $50?
I need my car fixed.
- Sure.
- That's for food.
This is what I'm talking about.
Richard, how about
working for a living?
- Only coloreds live on welfare.
- Mind your own business.
I gotta sing for $75
and he gets $50? No.
Twenty dollars.
And you should make
him work the game.
All right. But he's not
working. Ritchie, take $20.
- I'm out.
- MAN: Got anything to drink?
Thanks, Ma.
- ED: Ritchie.
- What?
Hear about them kids that
got shot? You know 'em?
- What kids?
- Bad thing. Real bad thing.
- (CHILDREN PLAYING)
- (MAN SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Barracuda!
MAN: I've been buying The Post
and The Daily News all week.
It would be nice to see some money.
JOE: You got some balls. You
should be paying us to stand here.
- MAN: I've spent a lot of money.
- JOE: Come on.
Shut the fuck up. Listen to this.
"Although police officials
declined to discuss the note,
"our unofficial source said it was
written by a homicidal maniac,
"a real sicko who lives
in a nightmare world."
Joey, do I look pale to you?
You look all right, Vin.
- Anthony, do I look pale?
- You look like mozzarella.
Real fucking funny.
Holy shit! Look. They got
a map of the killings.
- There's our neighborhood.
- Layton Avenue.
- We're famous.
- Let me see that.
I'd lay 5-to-1 the
killer's from right here.
You think so?
Don't you think we'd notice
a sicko? Come on.
What do you think makes
them sickos, you idiot?
You don't notice him.
You think this was random?
You think he just
pulled off the highway?
This place is hard to
find. He knew it.
- I need another 'lude.
- You just popped it.
- It's not working for me.
- Give it a minute.
Don't be fucking cheap.
That was heavy shit you saw.
I'd be freaking out if I were you.
Especially since the
killer knows you saw him.
- What do you mean?
- He might think you're a witness.
I saw it on the news.
If he caught your license plate...
- You think I'm number eight?
- I'm serious!
- They stick around the murder scene.
- See who comes by.
Shut the fuck up!
I swear I only saw victims.
Fuck you.
I didn't see no bodies. Don't
start spreading that shit.
What's the matter with you?
Leave him alone.
That's real funny.
You're fucking funny.
- What's the matter? Can't take a joke?
- No, I can't!
Vinny, relax, will you?
Here, come on.
JOE: Take a half a 'lude.
Go home and get some sleep.
Relax.
ANTHONY: Can't take a joke.
ANTHONY:
One 'lude won't work on him.
JOE: Take a fucking walk
and leave him alone.
ANTHONY: Look at this fucking
creature crawling out of the bay.
- Guys, I got lobsters. Live lobsters.
- What have you got?
Live lobsters. Two dollars each.
You stealing traps now?
They'll shoot you.
Where were you last night?
You shoot two people?
- I only shoot heroin.
- These are broke.
And half-dead. What is this shit?
They're good lobsters.
Two dollars each.
Get the fuck outta here with
your broke half-dead lobsters.
You can make a brisque.
Brisque this, you junkie bastard!
Joey, I'm gonna go cold turkey.
- Cold turkey that.
- Come on!
You ain't Bruce Lee.
Stop kicking Woodstock.
- Is that Ritchie?
- Yeah.
What the hell happened to you?
Look at this freak.
Nice outfit. Is it off the dead?
ANTHONY:
Don't vampires come out at night?
Except on leap year.
What's happening, guys?
Don't give us that bullshit.
You come back to the neighborhood
looking like a fucking freak,
sounding like a British fag.
We're supposed to be okay with it?
Fucking right. How's
your wife and kids?
We're divorced. I'm
back with my mother.
A dollar each.
- Go and OD. Go fuck yourself.
- Shut up!
I'll take $5 for the
whole fucking bag!
All right. Here.
Here's your $5.
Get the fuck out of here.
I need some smoke.
JOE: I'm handling that now.
What do you want? I got nickels.
Right.
I'll take two, then.
ANTHONY: Ritchie, you
heard about the killer?
Yeah, I heard.
What's the matter, Vin?
Not gonna say hello?
Hello.
Where the fuck were you last night?
You drove past me outside the club.
Drop that stupid accent
and talk to me for real.
All right.
So why didn't you
come in to say hello?
I wasn't dressed for disco dancing.
"I wasn't dressed
for disco dancing."
Look at this jerk-off. He
was dressed for Halloween.
VINNY: Leave him alone.
Porcupine. Vinny saw the
dead bodies last night.
- You saw the bodies?
- Yeah, I saw the bodies.
I was on my way home
but I didn't see him.
I didn't see him, you numbnuts,
so don't spread that around.
ANTHONY: Here comes Ruby the skank.
Yeah, but I thought you said
your parents were in Hawaii.
First Europe, then Hawaii.
You know, Ron, we've been
dating for three weeks.
All you ever do is
take me to motels.
You wanna see me again, you
introduce me to your parents.
Must you always bring
up my parents?
- You're getting out?
- I gotta go.
What about our weekend
in the Catskills?
- I already paid for the room.
- You can go there and jerk off.
That's what you are,
a real jerk-off!
Fuck you, you dago wop skank.
- (GUYS YELLING)
- What did you say?
- BRIAN: Are you fucking nuts?
- This doesn't concern you.
Shut your fucking mouth.
That's my sister.
Get the fuck out of the car!
(TIRES SCREECH)
You fuck!
- Come on.
- Go back home, pretty boy!
He ain't showing his
face around here again.
Ruby, come over here. I'm horny.
I mean, lonely. I need a hug.
Then go home to your mother.
Twat you say? I cunt hear.
I have an infucktion in my ear.
Don't you assholes ever grow up?
What the fuck is your problem?
RITCHIE: Ruby!
- Is that Ritchie?
- That freak don't want you.
Shut the fuck up, idiot.
Ritchie how are you?
How you doing? You look good.
Good enough to eat?
I like the new look.
What, it's punk?
You should come to the city
sometime. Check out the band.
They suck really good.
Just like you.
I learned from your mother, dick.
You let your sister talk like that?
Come on. Get lost.
- You live in Manhattan now?
- As of last night.
I got evicted.
- Stop talking like that.
- You been in London, too?
No, but it's all in the attitude.
- All in the attitude.
- In the attitude.
I gotta go. My father's
gonna kill me. See you.
- It was great seeing you.
- Yeah, you too. You look good.
Take care of yourself, Ruby.
Ritchie, I wanna talk to you.
Take it easy on the rebound.
Whoa, whoa.
Trying to knock me down?
RITCHIE: Whoa. Slow down.
VINNY: Don't tell nobody.
It's between you and me.
It's bad enough that I balled her.
But some sick side of me had
to drive Dionna past the spot
where I was sticking it
up her cousin's ass.
That's where I saw the
dead bodies. Right there.
You know what? God spared me.
He spared me, man.
It's a fucking omen. I'm serious.
He let me go, man.
What the fuck could this mean?
What do you think it means?
I don't know. What do
you think it means?
I think God's telling me
I'm gonna burn in hell if
I don't stop cheating.
Didn't I say you weren't
ready to get married?
You don't fucking listen.
I fucking thought I would stop
cheating when I got married.
I'm cheating a lot
more than I ever did.
But I thought the man
up there understood.
VINNY: I thought he'd understand.
- God has got nothing to do with this.
- Come on, Ritchie. Yes, he does.
God is telling me,
"You shouldn't be doing these
things with your wife."
- What things?
- Don't be stupid.
You know butt-fucking,
69, doggy-style.
That's the message from God.
"Cut that shit out.
"You gotta cut it out, or I'm
not gonna spare you next time."
That's what God's telling me.
I'm telling you. I think the
guy saw my license plate.
He's after me.
I'm gonna be number
eight. My life is over.
You don't gotta worry about that.
Don't worry about any omen.
What the fuck am I gonna do?
What if I can't stop?
What if I got some sort of hang-up?
You don't got any hang-ups.
Once you've deviated, you
can't go back. You know that.
Tell Dionna you like these
things and maybe she'll do it.
- You don't do that shit with your wife.
- Why not?
It's a fucking sin.
RITCHIE: "Oh, please, can I put
it up your ass? Just one time?"
Don't fucking make fun of me.
- "I'm gonna put it up your ass."
- Shut up.
"Dionna!"
What do you want me to say?
Get a divorce.
Divorce is evil. You
got some bad advice.
"Evil" spelled backwards is "live."
You're a corny fuck. You know that?
Dionna, I gotta talk to you.
What are you doing here?
I gotta talk to you for a minute.
Now? Honey, we're in trouble.
We got Luigi here and
we're not ready.
Come on. Sit down there.
What's wrong?
I need to talk to you.
Listen to me for once.
Could you? Could you
do that for me?
All right.
What I saw last night made me
think about a lot of things.
It opened up my eyes
really wide to everything.
Those murders made me realize
how much I love you.
I love you, Dionna.
And I swear to God...
I promise you and I promise God
I'm gonna be the best husband
you ever had in your entire life.
If I had eight tongues
it wouldn't be enough to
say how much I love you.
- You swear to God?
- I swear to God.
I swear to God I love you.
Okay.
I'm so sorry about everything.
I love you so dearly.
Baby, I'm in the middle of work.
Dad's in trouble in the kitchen.
I gotta get stuff out. I'm sorry.
Make up some excuse and
let's go somewhere.
- Baby, I can't.
- I'll take you anywhere.
I'll make you something nice.
I'll be back in 20 minutes.
Sit down. I'll bring
you a glass of wine.
Daddy, Luigi's veal. He's waiting.
He'll wait.
How's that husband
of yours? All right?
He was all shook up, but
he's a lot better now.
How about you? You don't
seem so good today.
How about me? I'm concerned, okay?
I'm very worried about your safety.
You see those parents on
TV, crying for their kids?
I don't wanna be on the news,
talking about the
daughter I used to have.
- Hi, here's your food.
- Nice. Thank you, honey.
- Beautiful.
- Thank you for waiting.
Tell your father he's a great man.
- Thank you.
- LUIGI: Thank you, honeybunch.
(MEN CONVERSE INDISTINCTLY)
MAN: Luigi, look who's here.
Starsky and Hutch.
LUIGI:
What, are we double-parked outside?
You gonna invite us
to sit, or what?
You both got asses.
Feel free to use them.
Mario! Mario!
MARIO: Si, Signor Luigi.
Two set-ups for New York's finest.
MARIO: Sure, paesano.
You're inviting us to a meal?
That's against regulations.
- You sit at my table, you eat.
- Nobody's counting.
Detective, you ever
have Veal Sorrentino?
- No.
- You're gonna have it now.
Sounds delicious.
It's Italian for "veal delight."
- What is it?
- Veal Sorrentino.
You need your energy to catch
the criminals of the world.
(LAUGHING)
- Sorrentino, here you go.
- Try and catch this one.
Compliments to the chef.
Did your partner tell you,
he ran errands for me
when he was a kid?
He was a pipsqueak.
Too small to piss straight.
- He never told me that.
- Never told you other things.
He knows I'm from the neighborhood.
Can we talk business?
What business?
We need your help.
What do you want me to do?
Arrest myself?
(MOBSTERS LAUGH)
I wish this was a joking
matter, but it's very serious.
I want to talk to you
about this killer.
We need your help.
There are 100 cops
on the task force.
You need my help?
I'm only a plumber.
LOU: You know I wouldn't be
here if I didn't have to be.
I'm asking you, this guy, how
many people did he kill?
Three, four, five?
With no disrespect, Detective,
in Harlem last night,
your people, coloreds, how many
of each other did they kill?
- Seven? Eight?
- Nine, at least.
And on Saturday,
20, if we're lucky.
I'm out.
- Take it easy. Sit.
- So...
So why don't you ask
me who killed them?
Not enough press in it for you?
Not enough Post or
Daily News headlines?
There's a homicidal maniac
in the neighborhood.
You don't want to do
anything about it?
You have been busting my balls
ever since you got promoted.
Why is that?
Wasn't I good to you
when you were a kid?
Didn't I take you
to Yankee Stadium?
LUIGI:
Didn't you meet Mickey Mantle?
He signed a baseball, "To
Louie, from Mickey Mantle."
Motherfuck the Mick.
- Willie Mays was the man.
- Get outta here!
- Mick was the guy!
LUIGI: Enough, enough.
Your family, didn't I
take care of them?
I treated you like a son.
You have the balls to come here
and ask me to do you a favor?
Never!
When you wanted to become a
cop, did you come and ask me?
Did you ask for my blessing?
No.
You could've been a great
plumber. As good as me.
I'm gonna read you something.
But it can't leave this table. The
newspapers don't even know this.
Read it.
"Dear sir,
"I am deeply hurt by the newspaper
calling me a woman-hater."
"I'm not. But I am a monster
and a little brat."
SON OF SAM: I am the Son of Sam.
Sam loves to drink blood.
"Go out and kill,"
commands Father Sam.
Behind our house, some
rest. Mostly young.
Raped and slaughtered,
their blood drained.
Just bones now.
(TORTURED SCREAMS)
Papa Sam keeps me locked
in the attic, too.
(YELLING INDISTINCTLY)
I can't get out.
(BARKING)
Shut up! Shut up!
When I look out the attic window
and watch the world go by,
I feel like an outsider.
I am on a different wavelength
than everybody else.
Programmed to kill.
Do you know where...
No!
(SCREAMING, GUNSHOTS)
However, to stop me,
you must kill me.
I am the monster. Beelzebub,
the chubby behemoth.
I love to hunt.
Prowling the streets,
looking for fair game.
It must be the water they drink.
(BUZZING)
I live for the hunt.
My life. Blood for Papa.
Sir, I don't want to kill anymore.
No, sir, no more.
But I must honor my father.
(SCREAMING)
I want to make love to the world.
I love people.
I don't belong on Earth.
Return me to yahoos.
I want to wish you
all a happy Easter.
May God bless you in
this life and the next.
For now, I say goodbye
and good night.
(OLD WOMAN SPEAKING ITALIAN, TEARY)
(WAILING)
Police, let me haunt
you with these words.
I'll be back.
"To be interpreted as bang,
bang. Bang, bang, bang."
"Yours in murder, Mr. Monster."
- Holy Jesus Christ.
- Holy shit.
Excuse me a minute, Atwater.
Luigi...
(WHISPERING IN ITALIAN)
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Grazie. Grazie.
Basket catch.
Pally. That catch
in the '54 Series?
ANNOUNCER: There's a long drive,
way back to centerfield...
(WILD CHEERING)
He got lucky.
(SINGING) I'm gonna love you
like nobody's ever loved you
When you sang that,
I fell in love with you.
Come rain or come shine
- Eddie Sabatini.
- That's me, baby.
Eddie Sabatini!
High as a mountain
Come here.
Deep as a river
(LAUGHING)
Baby, come here.
When you met me
it was just one of those things
But don't, don't you never bet me
- Oh, my God!
- My God, Ritchie!
- I'm sorry.
- Get out of here, Ritchie!
Ritchie!
Go inside, Helen. Jesus!
No, no. Get in here, kid.
Come on, kid. We're
still newlyweds here.
God damn it, Ritchie! We
don't see you for a month.
You're back, you're
gone for a week.
You're back. You come, you go!
Look, the thing is, your mother
and I have been talking.
She packed your shit up. We
want you to stay in the garage.
I'm not staying in there.
This ain't the Sherry-Netherland.
- Use the fucking bedroom.
- This is our house.
We do what we want.
You're too old to be here.
You should be happy to
stay in the garage!
Ma, this guy's kicking me out.
He's making me live in the garage.
RITCHIE: I can't believe it.
- ED: Helen, talk to him.
- He's kicking me out of my own house!
It won't be bad. I'll give
you money to fix it up.
You can play your guitar loud.
Whatever you want.
I want to...
Your mother and I need
our fucking privacy.
I want you to ring the front
doorbell. You got that?
Just give me the keys. Right now.
Come on. Give me the keys.
- I'm not... Ma!
- What are you, 12?
Helen, talk to this
fucking dago! Helen!
(TEARY) What are you doing?
Don't fucking do this to me.
Ritchie, stop it.
I fucking hate you,
you faggot piece of shit.
HELEN: Get back here!
Helen, it's him or me.
HELEN:
Eddie, he's my son. Goddammit!
ED: Now I got a case of
blue balls. You happy?
- HELEN: Eddie!
- ED: Huh?
REPORTER: The Son of Sam killer,
who targets young
woman with long hair,
has caused panic-stricken brunettes
to run to their hairdressers
to dye their hair blonde
as protection against this madman.
WOMAN: If you come in earlier,
I can't do your color.
Come in at 4:00 and
we'll take care of you.
VINNY:
That's the way your life's going.
By the time you get to the altar, you
might say "I did," instead of "I do."
Shut up. You sound like
my father. Just shut up.
But I'm not your father, am I?
Vinny, I heard you saw the killer.
Who told you that shit?
Just around the neighborhood.
I didn't see anybody.
Remember that.
Okay. Thanks for the haircut.
(WHISPERING) Use it.
- See you, Ruby.
- (SCOFFS)
Congratulations. You just
realized you're married.
I'm trying.
Does Gloria need a shampoo girl?
Gloria, you need a shampoo girl?
What do you think?
- There you go, see?
- Does Dionna need waitresses?
- She got somebody last week.
- I need a job.
RUBY:
I'm smart. I'm young. I'm pretty.
VINNY:
You got two out of three right.
Oi! If it isn't Warren Beauty.
I get more ass than
he does any day.
- Ritchie.
- Ruby, how you been?
I copped that Who's Next album.
I was thinking about you.
- Great, right?
- Yeah.
Those guys are like the
godfathers of punk.
Know that song Baba O'Riley?
- Uh-huh.
- It's my favorite song.
You know who wrote that?
- Engelbert Humperdinck?
- Uh-uh.
You don't think I know?
Come on, I know.
Pete Townshend.
- How do you know that?
- I read the album credits.
The only thing I don't get is
why those four guys are
pissing on a big rock.
They were drinking...
Are you two getting married
here? Can I get to work?
- Are you jealous?
- Please.
- I need a favor.
- What's going on?
Fucking Eddie moved
me in the garage.
My mother's gone along with it.
- What do you want me to do?
- Lend me $20.
- Get outta here.
- Come on.
Wait. The garage could be cool.
Forget that. Come and stay with me.
- We'll take care of you.
- Seriously, no.
You can fix it up. Have privacy.
I mean, fuck living in the house.
I'll live in the fucking garage.
You stay with my crazy family.
I'd live in my car first
before I'd do that shit.
Here. Shut up and take $50.
Don't ever say I never
gave you nothing.
What, are you loaded these days?
Use it well. All right?
RUBY: 50 bucks?
I can turn it into a
palace for 50 bucks.
I'm not doing anything later.
I'll come by and help
you decorate it.
- You know what that means.
- Shut up.
Might as well use this
psycho killer as an excuse.
Go ahead.
Blonde me.
You did a good job.
I could dig it, you know?
Maybe I can be an
interior decorator.
You could be whatever
you want, I think.
(LAUGHING)
- Sure.
- Yeah.
- You really mean that?
- Of course I mean that.
I don't know.
I feel you're born
into a slot, you know.
- And that's life.
- Come on.
Stop with those negative vibes.
You hang around with
those spirit snipers,
they'll steal your light.
- You're too young for that.
- Uh-huh.
What are you doing?
Come on, come on.
You don't got to do that.
Stop, please. You don't
got to do that. Don't do it.
Where you going?
- I'm gonna go.
- I didn't say to go.
You didn't exactly say
you wanted me to stay.
Stay.
- (STRUMMING CHORD)
- (RUBY HUMS ALONG)
That's good.
VINNY:
Baby, how you doing? I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'll be home.
In an hour. You know. Come on.
It's a last-minute thing.
I didn't know she was coming.
VINNY: Calm down.
Of course I do, come on.
Not now, all right?
Bye. I gotta go, okay? Just...
She can't give you what you want.
Let's not talk about it.
I'm getting fat.
(SINGING) I like the way you
make me feel about you baby
Want the whole wide world to see
Whoa whoa
You got the best of my love
- I'm feeling a little guilty now.
- Now?
Yeah, and I'm thinking...
I'm trying to be a good husband.
I don't think we can do it.
You're like a frigging yo-yo.
Back and forth, forth and back.
You know what?
Let's just not do it.
That's it.
You think you're the
only one with feelings?
I got a husband at home.
I know. I 100% agree
with you. Absolutely.
Selfish bastard. You're
a selfish bastard.
You started this.
I didn't start this.
- It's my fault.
- Put your fucking clothes on.
Clothes I put on your back.
Maybe you should do
it one more time?
(GASPING, MURMURING)
(YELPING)
(MOANING) Oh, Vinny...
- Beg me for it.
- Come on, Vinny.
With that reward money I'll start
a college fund for my daughter.
I'd buy a yacht. Like Hugh Hefner.
Playboy bunnies walking around.
You can't get a yacht for $10,000.
You'll wind up with a rowboat
with two Puerto Rican skanks.
When I get that money,
I'll take both my parents to
Sicily for a fucking month.
What'd I say about your
mouth in front of my girl?
- I'm sorry.
- Apologize to the princess.
- That's your daughter?
- She's daddy's little sweetheart.
Daddy!
Don't touch her. What's
the matter with you?
Come here, sweetheart.
What did you do, man?
Daddy's here.
Dressed like that you
have an effect on a baby.
- I'm sorry.
- It's all right, sweetheart.
Don't look at that scary
guy. Come here.
Go play with your friends,
okay? Get away from him.
Give me more reasons
to hate your ass.
I'm back.
ANTHONY:
What about the $15 I lent you?
BRIAN: I gave you the $15.
- JOE: What do you want?
- Two nicks.
- BOBBY: Hello, Brian.
- BRIAN: Hey, hey!
Bobby the fairy! How's it hanging?
That's Mrs. Del Fiore
to you, sweetheart.
And don't wear it out.
Is that Ritchie?
Hello, stranger.
Long time no see.
Very Lower East Side. I like it.
- I'll take two, Joey.
- Two what? Two dicks?
I'll take yours and Ritchie's.
Double the pleasure and fun.
Suck on these two nickels.
Gimme the money.
Let's go. Come on,
come on, come on.
This money better not
be sticky, either.
There you go. Thank you.
The Post said the
killer's a woman-hater.
That's you. You could
be the killer.
.44 caliber queer.
- A real homo-cidal maniac.
- Pow! Pow!
He's guilty! Put him
through the penal system.
Only if I can have
you as my cellmate.
How 'bout that, motherfucker?
(BOBBY SCREAMS)
You fucking asshole! I hate you!
Don't burn him.
He's a paying customer.
- He's a homo.
- Don't be ridiculous.
I got to drop the kid off with
her mother. I'll see you later.
- At the club?
- JOE: Yeah, yeah.
Can you give me and Ruby
a lift to the subway?
No. You made her cry once already.
Come on, sweetheart. Princess.
- LITTLE GIRL: Daddy!
- Ruby!
JOE: Let's go.
LITTLE GIRL: Daddy, let's go home.
What's going on with you and Ruby?
What? She's my date.
She's going on a date with you?
Why buy the cow when everyone
gets milk and steaks for free?
I like the cow.
Give me and Ruby a lift.
I'm fucking busy. You can ride
your cow to the subway.
Cows don't fit in
Corvettes. Sorry, Ritch.
Come on.
You're seriously not
gonna give me a lift?
Not for nothing, but are you
starting to get the feeling
maybe you're not that welcome here?
Do I got to spell it out for you?
No, it's clear.
MAN: What you got this time?
I heard it before from
you and got in trouble.
'Cause you sent me chicken.
I don't need no chicken.
I don't need no trouble
from the law, thank you.
Hold on a second.
Let me get back
to you. I'm working.
Somebody's got to make money.
- Man.
- Ritchie. Hello.
- This is Ruby. This is Midnite.
- Hello.
- Let me do a show tonight.
- I got enough performers.
- One show.
- One show?
I got rules,
and you know the rules.
Five shows a day,
seven days a week.
- I know.
- You know.
If I break the rules for you,
every crabby little
punk'll come here
wanting to dance every
time they need a dime bag.
"Just one show. Relax."
This girl's special to me.
Then you appeal to my
sense of romantic.
Let me see how special she is.
What color panties you
have on? Let me see.
- I just want to see color.
- Stop, you're being rude.
MIDNITE: Blue. Okay, blue.
- What are you doing?
- Go ahead.
(LOUNGE MUSIC PLAYING)
MIDNITE: He's got a pretty cock.
Nice size. You're a lucky girl.
Yeah, thanks.
You in the business, baby?
Business?
You strip, you do fuck flicks?
What's your shtick, baby?
No, I'm not in the business.
Girl, you're way too hot
to be giving it away.
You're so hot you make
me wish I was a lesbian.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
You want to get this hotel room?
Ritchie, wait a minute.
If you're getting
second thoughts...
No, I'm not getting
second thoughts.
I wanna know if I can
borrow some money.
I wanna ditch this
whole disco look.
Let me get your door, okay?
I wanna do this right.
Come on, baby.
Thank you, baby.
Tonight's your night. And my night.
It's our night.
We've holed up like
cowards for two weeks.
Fuck the killer. We're
gonna have fun tonight.
It's Saturday.
Ulysses.
- How you doing, stronzo?
- Great. Have a good time.
- You called him "idiot."
- He doesn't have a clue.
- My God, nobody's here.
- What the fuck is going on?
Did they all go somewhere else?
JOE: Holy shit!
(ANTHONY WHISTLES)
- JOE: What a dress.
- Easy, now.
Look at those legs. They're
longer than Vinny's.
- A lot longer.
- (JOE LAUGHS)
That's all right. I can handle it.
Don't worry about it.
What's the matter here?
It's like a morgue.
What's going on?
Everybody's afraid of this
killer. Just like you, Vin.
Not as scared as I was.
Dionna, you look very beautiful.
May I have this dance?
Yeah, can I dance with you, too?
Maybe you better dance
with each other.
Yeah, dance together.
BRIAN: Share the wealth.
VINNY: Why would I go out with you
with those Pink Panther pants?
REPORTER:
Daily News columnist Jimmy Breslin
received a letter today from
the .44 Caliber Killer.
Police said the hand-written
letter addressed to Mr. Breslin
contained numerous occult symbols
and was signed by
the madman himself,
calling himself the Son of Sam.
SON OF SAM: Son of Sam.
SON OF SAM:
Hello from the gutters of NYC,
which are filled with
dog manure, vomit,
stale wine, urine and blood.
BOBBY: Hello, Brian.
SON OF SAM:
Hello from the sewers of NYC,
which swallow up these delicacies
when they are washed away
by the sweeper trucks.
Screw him. I'm not cutting my hair.
Hello from the cracks in the
sidewalks of New York City
and from the ants that
dwell in these cracks
and feed on the dried blood that
has settled into these cracks.
Mr. Breslin, sir,
don't think because you haven't
heard from me for a while
that I went to sleep.
No, rather, I am still here,
like a spirit roaming the night.
Thirsty, hungry, seldom
stopping to rest.
Anxious to please Sam.
I love my work.
Now the void has been filled.
He won't let me stop killing
until he gets his fill of blood.
Tell me, Jim,
what will you have
for me July 29th?
Not knowing what the future holds,
I shall say farewell,
and I will see you at my next job.
Or shall I say
you will see my handiwork
at the next job?
PS.
Please inform all the
detectives working on the case
that I wish them luck.
Keep 'em digging. Drive on.
Think positive.
(KISSING NOISES)
Here are some clues
to help you along.
- (DOG BARKING)
- The Duke of Death.
The Wicked King Wicker.
(SCREAMING)
MAN: Don't shoot!
Don't you know the Son
of Sam is around?
Go find a motel. Get
the hell out of here.
The 22 Disciples of Hell.
John Wheaties, rapist and
suffocator of young girls.
In their blood and from the gutter,
Sam's creation,
.44 Caliber.
The Son of Sam.
WOMAN: Let me in. Mick, let me in!
Let me in.
MICK: What? You all right?
SON OF SAM: The Duke of
Death. The Wicked King Wicker.
- (DOG BARKING)
- VINNY: Shut the fuck up!
Fuck you, Wicked King Wicker,
Duke of Death, Son of Sam.
Come and fucking get me.
You don't scare me. Come and
get me. I don't give a fuck!
Honey. What are you doing?
- Honey, what's wrong?
- This is devil worship.
This is occult.
This is Manson shit.
Is there somebody outside there?
What if he thinks I saw him?
What if he fucking
thinks I saw him?
- The Son of Sam?
- Yes, the fucking Son of Sam.
Why would he think you saw him?
Did you see him?
Honey, you're scaring me.
Baby, I gotta get outta here.
I gotta get outta here.
I can't take this anymore.
I'm gonna have a nervous
breakdown. I gotta get out.
Let's go away for a whole fucking
week. Let's just get outta here.
When do you wanna go?
Right now. Let's pack up
and get the fuck out.
Baby, I can't go right now.
Dad might have to fire
one of the waitresses.
Baby, come on. Let's go.
We'll get a hot tub, dirty movies,
massages, vibrating beds,
the whole works.
We'll just have fun.
Crazy fun, okay?
We could get the dirty movies here.
It's not the same, baby.
It's not the same.
I can't leave Dad right now.
But we can make our
own vacation here.
You'll see.
We can have our own fun.
(VINNY BREATHING HEAVILY)
Come on, let's... Come
on, let's make love now.
Baby? Baby?
Could we make love
with the light on?
What?
I wanna see us.
You wanna make love
with the light on?
Yeah, I wanna see us.
Can we try it? Please?
All right.
How about instead of making
love, we fuck this time?
Okay.
(GASPING)
(MOANING)
VINNY: Oh, yeah...
(PANTING, GRUNTING)
(VINNY CRYING OUT)
Good night, baby.
Let's go to sleep.
Good evening. This is John
Jeffries, Eyewitness News.
I'm here with Detective
Timothy Dowd,
head of the .44 Caliber
Killer Task Force.
Detective Dowd,
what can you tell our
viewers about Son of Sam?
We are putting together a
picture of the suspect,
slowly, I must say.
Too slowly for our tastes,
but we have no choice.
He's very elusive.
Whenever we get there, he's gone.
We never know where he'll strike...
What are they talking about?
Must live somewhere.
DOWD: We have a man who we suspect.
Maybe you notice he comes
home late, 3:00, 4:00 a.m.,
Several times...
- This is all fucking smoke.
- MAN: It's a farce.
A single room or an
attic or a basement,
or in back of someplace.
REPORTER: Do you have a
long list of suspects?
DOWD: We have a list.
We've always had a list.
We have a list now, and we
have always had a list.
WOMAN: Well, then, stay home.
I know what we gotta do.
We gotta get this rat bastard.
We gotta do it.
'Cause they can't do it.
Maybe we offer another
$5,000 in the reward?
At least we get more
names on our list.
MAN: Right, boss.
DION NA: It's bad.
They're gonna catch
this bastard soon.
Do me a favor. It'll buy me time.
Do the books once more.
See if you find something.
Dad, it's math. It's not magic.
I've been through them four times.
If something doesn't change,
I don't know what'll happen.
I gotta let Connie go.
- Connie?
- Yeah.
She's our strongest waitress.
You can't do that.
Connie's got no children. Only
one mouth will stay empty.
- What's up?
- Buonanotte.
- Paesano.
- How you doing?
How are you? Where were you?
Stadium. Yankees lost.
- Let's go. I'm tired.
- Dad, we're gonna go.
One minute. I got something
for both of you.
VINNY: We gotta go.
- I got something for you.
- VINNY: You do?
You like presents.
Come here.
- What is this, Dad?
- Look at that.
If you go out tonight,
make her wear it for me.
Make her wear it.
I'm not gonna wear this.
We're driving straight home.
Please respect me.
This animal is killing young
girls with long brown hair.
You do it for me?
Listen to your father.
You ganging up on me?
All right, I'll wear
the Barbie doll thing.
Let me sleep in peace.
VINNY: Come on, let's go.
- DIONNA: Closed?
- Yeah.
- Promise?
- I swear to God.
(DOOR SQUEAKING)
I hear you coming.
- I know you're standing there.
- I'm here. Okay.
Wow.
Baby.
(WHISTLING) Jesus Christ.
- You like?
- You look so different.
I feel like I'm cheating
on you with you.
I want to call you by another name.
Know what I'll call you?
I'm gonna call you Sheri.
I like that name. Is it French?
VINNY: Oh, yeah.
Sheri, do you want to fuck?
Want to fuck me? Sheri,
do you want to fuck me?
Yeah, I want to fuck you.
Can I call you Vincente?
Yeah.
But first you have to
suck my huge cock.
You sure you want me
to do that, Vincente?
(LAUGHING) I know Sheri loves it...
Whoa, baby!
(SINGING)
When you're layin' down next to me
Wow.
I find it hard for
me to concentrate
If I don't make my move,
girl it might be too late
I've got to make sure
you don't get away
Oh, shit.
To make me wanna stay
All my life I've been
searchin' for a star
Now my search is over
and here we are
Livin' in ecstasy
Yeah
Shit, baby.
Here in ecstasy
When you're layin' down next to me
Shit. No, don't do that.
I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?
I should have never made
you do this. I'm sorry.
I'm really fucking sorry.
DIONNA:
Oh, my God, baby. What happened?
What happened? I'm sorry. Tell me
how you like it. I'll do it different.
It's not that, please. It's just...
You're my wife and I love
you the way you are.
Let's just do it like normal
people, the way we always do it.
Come on.
But I wanna make you happy.
VINNY:
I'm gonna turn off the light, okay?
WAITRESS:
All right. Here's your slices.
What are you taking
the big one for?
What the hell's wrong with you?
You gotta take the big
slice all the time?
Listen. We got four
names on the list.
Brian, read that list.
Right at the fucking top,
we got Ritchie freak.
Billy the Jew. Jimmy del Fini.
And that fucking guy
who drives the bus.
All right. We're gonna mark
their tires with chalk.
If they take a ride, we'll
know what's happening.
See that guy over
there making pies?
Don't be so obvious.
His name's Frankie Cadillac.
ANTHONY: He moved here a year
ago and lives alone on Sampson.
My aunt says he looks evil.
He's got these weirdo eyes.
JOE: We'll check him out.
What about Johnny Nasso?
He drives a cab and
he's a Vietnam vet.
- So what?
Vietnam vets call
themselves sons of Sam.
- You know, Uncle Sam and shit?
- I never heard that. Relax.
That's not enough.
He lives alone. His wife
left him a year ago.
And he works nights.
He's a multiple category.
All right. Good work.
Put him on the list.
Write him down.
You know who I've been thinking
should go on the list?
- Father Cadilli.
- The priest?
You don't remember the
beatings he used to give us?
Fucking nuts.
BRIAN: Drinks like a bastard.
I want him on the list.
No. Let me think about it.
I know who the killer is.
I figured it out.
WOODSTOCK: Reggie Jackson.
(LAUGHING)
What the fuck is wrong with you?
- Idiot.
- I'm serious.
Son of Sam. Uncle Sam.
Yankee Doodle Dandy.
The Bronx Bombers.
New York fucking Yankees.
(LAUGHING)
You mixing acid with your dope now?
What kind of guns
did the killer use?
.44 caliber, right?
What's Reggie's number?
44.
Nobody said the
killer's a mulignan.
It's why they can't find him.
Keep talking like that,
I'm putting you at the
head of the fucking list.
- Give me the fucking list.
- Stop.
Even if he is the killer,
we need him till October.
It's a serious list.
We need Jackson if we're
gonna win the World Series.
Put Rice on the list.
OWNER: We're running a
business. Lower your voice.
Fuck you, too.
- I told you once.
- I'm sorry.
Get the fuck in there
and make a calzone.
(BRIAN LAUGHS)
It's all right. Everything's fine.
(BARKING)
- (MOANING, SCREAMING)
- (BARKING CONTINUES)
You leave this animal alone.
You leave us alone.
Samuel Carr,
I have asked you kindly
to stop that dog from howling
all day and all night long.
Yet he continues to do so.
Berkowitz, you listen to me.
- I have no peace. No rest.
- He's a good dog.
He usually leaves people alone.
CARR: He only barks at
people at the door.
You're cruel and selfish, Mr. Carr.
CARR:
You tease him. You antagonize him.
You never stop messing with him.
- You wicked, evil man. Child of the devil.
- (CARR CONTINUES)
Shut that dog up!
Keep it up, fella, and
I am calling the cops.
I'm sick of this.
SON OF SAM: Kill.
T.
H.
E.
The.
Dog.
You won't be barking anymore.
- (GUN BLAST)
- (DOG WHIMPERING)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
- (GUNSHOTS)
- (SCREAMING)
(MAN SCREAMING)
(MOANING) Help me.
(SINGING) Out here in the fields
I fight for my meals
The .44 Caliber Killer who
calls himself Son of Sam
struck again last night,
shooting a 17-year-old
girl and a 20-year-old man
as they sat in a car near the
Elephas disco in Queens.
To prove I'm right
I don't need to be forgiven
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
- RITCHIE: How ya doin'?
- What can I do for you, man?
Give me a good deal.
CLERK: What are you looking for?
RITCHIE: A fucking new Fender.
I got just the guitar for you.
Brand new Fender Stratocaster.
Sunburst. Rosewood neck.
With your name on it.
RITCHIE: How much?
SALESMAN: Three hundred and
sixty bucks. Out the door.
Teenage wasteland
Sally, take my hand
We'll travel south crossland
Put out the fire
And don't look past my shoulder
(CHANTING) Reggie! Reggie!
(GUITAR SOLO)
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
Teenage wasteland
It's only teenage wasteland
They're all wasted
- (DOG BARKING)
- (CAJOLING INDISTINCTLY)
- Are you shot, Bobby?
- No. It was Rocco.
JOE: Let's go fuck him up!
(GRUNTING, STRUGGLING)
(YELLING)
Nobody messes with Bobby del Fiore!
No!
What are you gonna have?
Keep looking, maggot.
What are you doing?
- Stop that shit.
- It's those guys.
Just fuckin' mind your business.
What are you gonna have?
MAN: You believe this freak?
Do you like me?
Ritchie, be serious for a minute.
There you go.
Chickie, what's he doing here?
You get him out of here
or we ain't coming back.
It doesn't bother you that
Ruby's been with so many guys?
Schtooped by so many guys?
What she did before
is her business.
You really feel that?
It would schieve me a
little bit, you know?
I mean, Ruby's a nice
girl, but she is a whore.
- What?
- You don't love her, do you?
What's your interpretation of love?
Commitment, responsibility,
marriage, kids.
VINNY: You're not marrying
her. I won't let you.
You and Dionna having kids?
VINNY: What took you so long?
I'm fucking starving. I want
a cheeseburger and fries...
I'm sorry, we're out
of cheeseburgers.
Out of cheeseburgers?
VINNY:
Can you get me a BLT or something?
- Sorry. No can do.
- What have you got, then?
Give me whatever you got.
I'm fucking starving.
I don't have anything.
We're closing.
It's a 24-hour diner
and you're closing?
- I saw you serve those guys.
- It's these fucking guys.
I don't want any
trouble. Just leave.
I want to eat. You're
not gonna serve me?
You're lucky I come
into this greasy spoon.
I'll serve you, but he's gotta go.
What are you talking about?
- Wait, hold on.
- You talking to me?
Chickie, you know who this is?
- Who?
- You don't know.
You fuck. This is Ritchie.
- Ritchie who?
- Ritchie Trangali.
That's Ritchie Trangali?
VINNY:
He's scary, but that's my boy.
You're gonna have to leave.
Fuck these guys.
Chickie, fuck your customers.
Relax.
Get some roast beef sandwiches.
- CHICKIE: Just go.
- Just like that?
Fuck this idiot. Let's go.
- You're calling me an idiot?
- You're a fucking idiot.
CHICKIE:
Just take him out of my place.
(YELLING)
Fuck you!
- (STRUGGLING)
- (SHATTERS)
You fucking bitch!
CHICKIE: Jesus.
Tastes better than Heinz ketchup.
- MAN: He's fucking nuts.
- You like that, you fuck!
VINNY: You know, Ritchie,
I don't blame them.
When you're in Rome...
What are you gonna do?
You come here with that dog collar,
what do you expect?
We're all wearing dog collars.
You're wearing a dog collar.
- I'm wearing...
- You're wearing a dog collar.
You're a dog of society. On a leash
to a certain way of thinking.
I don't fucking understand what
you're saying. I'm not relating to it.
- Is the heat getting to you?
- No. Listen.
It's like everybody's
got two personalities.
One you're born with, one the
fucking world gives you.
Are you talking about
some alter-ego shit?
No, Vin.
It's like, I got these
things I like doing.
I like them so much it's
like I have to do them.
Do I really like doing them,
or was I pre-programmed at an early
age to respond to liking them?
That's what I'm talking about.
- You've fucking lost me.
- Fucking what else is new?
Are you saying that
if I cheat on Dionna,
it's not me that made me do
it, it's the fucking world?
Is that what the
fuck you're saying?
Take responsibility for yourself.
It's not the world. It's your
dick that made you do that.
- Don't blame the world!
- My dick made me?
Yeah, your dick.
REPORTER: The heat wave
continues all over the city,
as record-breaking temperatures
claimed six lives yesterday.
Three fatalities were in Brooklyn,
two in the Bronx and one in Queens.
Crime has risen with
the temperatures.
The police report a rise in
domestic violence and burglary,
and Con Ed is asking that you
try to conserve electricity
as several neighborhoods in the five
boroughs are experiencing brownouts.
The health department
advises the elderly
and people with
respiratory problems...
Uh-oh.
(ELECTRIC SIZZLING)
(FAINT POLICE SIREN)
Shit.
- (FRANTIC POUNDING)
- (SCREAMING) Daddy!
MAN 1: Take it easy, baby.
Come on, take it easy.
- Oh, my God!
- MAN 1: It's all right.
- It's not funny!
- MAN 2: Baby, the power's out.
The power's out?
- (PHONE RINGS)
- 45th precinct.
Yeah, we know. It's a blackout.
The whole five boroughs.
We're doing the best we can.
Hold on, ma'am.
4-5 precinct,
Officer Riggs. Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. We understand
that the lights are out.
We have Con Edison
out in full force.
Con Ed don't know nothing.
But what I know is...
We can't expect any
help from the cops.
LUIGI: They'll have their
hands full chasing looters.
MAN: Niggers and spics.
LUIGI: It's our job to protect our
neighborhood. To defend it.
And this Son of Sam has
the blackout to hide in.
I want all our guys on the
Layton Avenue Bridge.
JOE: Hand it over.
It's my joint. Shut the fuck up.
Nobody gets in my neighborhood
without me knowing it.
What the fuck is this?
Pull over. What the
fuck are you doing?
Who are you? What do
you want? Who are you?
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
What the fuck are
you talking about?
- (YELLING)
- Get the fuck out of the car!
- (STRUGGLING)
- (TIRES SQUEAL)
Con Ed officials said the
lights went out at 9:34 p. m.
REPORTER: I'm here at the corner
of 125th Street and 5th Avenue...
And black and Puerto Rican
people are going crazy.
As I overheard one man say,
"It's like Christmas in July."
- That's a quote.
- (SHATTERING)
We have reports that people are
stuck on the subways underground
and that the city that never
sleeps has come to a standstill.
I'm going to get out of the
way, 'cause I fear my safety.
Joey, get the kids
in the neighborhood.
If they need cars, give them cars.
If they need baseball
bats, give them bats.
We'll take a bat and
patrol the neighborhood.
We'll go to different points.
To the beach, to the bridge.
Down to the avenue and back.
You understand?
(MEN RALLYING)
(CHANTING) We'll get you, Son of Sam!
We'll get you, Son of Sam!
MAN: We'll find you.
Then you call Frankie.
Tell him to bring the feast
lights and the generator,
LUIGI: because Luigi is gonna
give a big block party,
with the cannoli and the baba rum
and the sausage and
peppers and the spiedini.
That psycho is gonna
have no place to hide.
(CHEERING, CHATTERING)
That's my man.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
(LAUGHING)
KIDS: Bang! Bang!
Bang, bang! I got you!
Bang, bang! I got you, Son of Sam.
- We got a fucking gig. Singing.
- Serious?
We're going to be
at fucking CBGB's.
Vinny, man, this is our first
gig. This is a big deal.
No. Congrats. We're excited.
Congratulations. A toast.
You gotta show up. I'm singing.
DIONNA: They're gonna
pay you. That's great.
- I don't know about that.
- What's it called? CBGB?
CBGB. You never heard of it?
It's on the Bowery in the city.
Oh! CBGB.
You and Ritchie seem
really happy together.
Yeah. We are.
Gotta enjoy it while it lasts.
Know what I mean?
Guess that's a good philosophy.
As long as you're not married.
Listen...
I know that you've been
with Vinny before.
It's not a secret or anything.
That was a long time ago.
A long time ago.
Before you two got together,
let alone got married.
No. I know that. I'm not
accusing you of anything.
What do you want?
All I wanted to say was that,
since you've been with him, maybe
you could tell me what he likes.
- You're serious?
- DIONNA: Yeah.
If I knew, I wouldn't
be asking. I mean...
Do you think this is easy for me?
Talking to you about Vinny?
My husband's sexual
likes and dislikes?
And so you ask me
'cause I should know.
No. You guys looked happy
when you were going out,
and you're so sexy and
confident and everything.
Listen, I mean...
Sometimes I think that, you
know, he's cheating on me.
Anyway, you know, I wanna please
him. But I don't think that I do.
You have any advice, anything?
Look, Dionna. You are
very pretty. Okay?
You're sexy.
I happen to know that Vinny
loves you very much.
I know he loves me, but...
- I think I disappoint him.
- So what do you want me to do?
Do you want me to tell you
how to fuck your husband?
Yeah, I'll tell you.
First, you can't be his wife.
That's number one.
Too late for that.
(CHATTERING)
Is this it?
- This where we're going?
- CBGB, right?
This is the corner of
Bleecker and Bowery.
This is where my father says all
the bums are. Who are they?
- Are you scared?
- Buy us some beer.
- What is this?
- Ritchie made us come here.
What's the matter with him?
I wouldn't park my car here.
What the fuck is this?
Oh, my God! Look at those
girls, looking at me like that.
Looking at me like I'm the freak.
Look at them.
Don't pay attention to 'em.
Look at that thing on her tongue.
I don't like this place.
I think we should go.
Think so? You think
that's right, though?
Maybe we should say
hello to Ritchie.
Go for a drink and
then get the hell out.
- Your call.
- No. I wanna go.
- I skeeve this place.
- Sure?
Yeah. I'm sorry. Let's just go.
All right. Where do you wanna go?
Anywhere. I don't care.
- 54?
- Studio 54?
- Is that where you wanna go?
- We're dressed for it, baby.
It's your car. It's your night.
(SINGING) Hello from the
gutters of New York City
(CROWD CHEERING)
filled with urine, vomit
stale wine and blood
And blood
Hello from the sewers of
NYC
(CHEERING)
which swallow up these delicacies
I said hello, hello, hello
from the gutters of the city
washed away by the sweeper trucks
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
Hello
Goodbye
Hello from the cracks in the
sidewalks of New York City
From the ants that dwell here
in these cracks
These cracks
Hello from the ants that
feed on dried blood
of the dead that's
fallen into these cracks
(DISCO MUSIC)
(CLAMORING)
(SINGING)
Take me to your place in space
I'm sick and tired of the rat race
On a rocket ship, no time to wait
I just want to gravitate
It's out of sight
It's gone
- Oh, my God.
- Look at the line. Jesus.
I can't wait to hear what
music they're gonna play.
You get so excited by this stuff.
We're gonna dance. The
people we'll see... My God!
Look at the limos and everything.
Look at the people.
I don't wanna wait in line.
Are you waiting to get in?
Yes, I am. I'm waiting to get in.
My God! Those are men.
(STIFLED LAUGHTER)
He sure is ugly though.
How we gonna get in, baby?
How 'bout we walk
right up and pretend?
Let's just push.
Are you on the list?
- What list?
- Somebody put you on the list?
What do you know about the list?
If you're not, get behind the line.
What do you mean, the line?
Come on. Behind the ropes, guys.
We came from the Bronx.
Give him some money.
100 dollars. Look how
beautiful she is.
It's the first goddamn
star I've seen tonight.
Camera, come on.
Stand there for just one
second. What's your name?
- Vinny.
- Vinny, smile. Smile.
God, you're beautiful.
- Who's your lady? Come with us.
- She's my wife.
MAN: All right. Everybody out.
- (WHOOPING)
- Here we are, Vinny.
- Alex.
- VINNY: Simon says hold this.
Let's go. This is your palace.
It's a beautiful palace.
There you go, baby.
I never knew places
like this existed.
Honey, I'm really stoned.
- Maybe we should go.
- Come on. Wanna go?
I don't wanna go. I wanna stay.
If you wanna go,
I'll go. I don't care.
Whatever you want. Go or stay?
If you wanna stay, I'll stay.
You sure?
- If you wanna go, I'll go.
- No. I'll stay.
People can see us.
Come on, baby. Trust me.
Just close your eyes.
(SINGING) Everybody dance
Clap your hands
(ASSORTED MOANING)
Everybody dance
Clap your hands
Music never lets you down
Puts a smile on your
face any time, any place
Dancing helps relieve the pain
Soothes your mind
makes you happy again
Listen to those dancing feet
Close your eyes and let go
But it don't mean a thing
if it ain't got that swing
- Take it up your... Come on.
- (SEXUAL SCREAMING)
Everybody dance
I'm coming.
Clap your hands
(MOANING)
Everybody dance
Clap your hands
(DISCO MUSIC PLAYING)
Is this another one
of your shortcuts?
(SINGING) You can dance
So what? Are you not gonna
talk? All the way home?
The time of your life
Ooh, see that girl
Tell me something.
What do you think?
Did that guy fuck
you better than me?
I'm embarrassed. I don't
wanna talk about that.
Embarrassed? Did he fuck
you better than me?
- I did it for you.
- You did it for me.
That's really nice. Did
you like it for me?
Did you fucking come for me?
- Was that for me?
- That was the pills, the coke.
Don't blame the pills, you
fucking lesbian whore.
Don't do that shit.
You were there, too.
You're a fucking whore.
I can't be a whore. I'm a man.
You're the whore, you
stupid fucking whore.
You're a faggot
fucking hairdresser.
- Get the fuck out of the car.
- You get out.
- Get the fuck out!
- There's a psycho killer out.
I don't give a shit.
Get the fuck out.
It is my car. I will not
get out. You get out.
- Get the fuck out of the car.
- I will not.
You get out of my car. Get out now!
You fucking piece of shit.
You make me sick, you fucking slut.
I am a slut?
You're calling me a slut?
You lowlife piece of shit.
You fucked my cousin.
You didn't think I knew about that?
I smelled her pussy juice
all over your fucking face.
You fucking sick bastard.
How dare you?
All this time I thought there
was something wrong with me.
You perverted sick fuck.
Come on. I'm sorry. Just
get in the fucking car.
No.
VINNY:
Come on. Let's go. Get in the car.
- Fuck you.
- Come on.
Get in the car. Please, baby.
Don't you dare "Baby" me.
I'm gonna wait here.
I'll wait for some soul brother
in his big black Cadillac.
You know he's got a
big black dick, too.
Don't talk like that.
Get in the car.
Fuck you.
Please get in the car.
Don't make me hurt you.
Hurt me? Don't you even
lay a pinkie on me.
I'll get him to kick your
ass then I'll fuck him.
You wanna watch?
Will that turn you on?
You linguini-dick motherfucker.
You wanna watch while I suck a big
black dick in a big black Cadillac?
- Shut the fuck up.
- You shut the fuck up.
Get the fuck in the car now!
Hello! Anybody out there?
- Get inside the car!
- Any black dick out there?
It better be big.
There's free pussy here.
I don't get hard 'cause
you don't turn me on.
You're a fucking pervert.
You're a pervert.
I'll take you to your father's,
then I don't wanna see you.
Wanna drive? Okay, drive me
over there, you fucking dyke.
DIONNA: Faggot fucking hairdresser!
I hope he kills you.
I hope you die here.
Dionna! Come back here.
Don't fucking leave me here!
I hope he kills you, you
fucking faggot pansy!
VINNY:
Stop that fucking car! Come back!
Fuck you!
- Dionna, come back...
- Stick it up your fucking ass!
Don't fucking leave me here!
REPORTER: Today is July 29th, 1977.
- Help me. Somebody, help me.
- Death day.
It was one year ago today
that Son of Sam shot and
killed Donna Lauria
on Burke Avenue in the Bronx.
In his latest letter
to Jimmy Breslin,
the killer taunted police by
saying he would be back tonight
to mark his anniversary.
Hundreds of off-duty
police officers
have volunteered to work
from sunset to sunrise.
Police are urging residents
to stay indoors tonight,
as the full moon almost guarantees
the .44 Caliber Killer will strike again.
MAN: Get away from the window.
Please be safe.
(DOG BARKING)
Holy shit.
No fucking way!
I don't fucking believe this shit.
Johnny boy, you ain't
going nowhere tonight.
Happy anniversary.
- What the fuck did I do?
- It's what you're not gonna do.
What the fuck did I do?
I fought for this fucking country.
Is this the thanks you give me?
Father Cadilli. Mind telling
us where you're going?
Do I know you boys?
You sure do, Father.
It's been a long time.
We have to search you and your car.
It's for the good of the
neighborhood, Father.
- Boys, you don't wanna do this.
- Oh, I do.
- Give us a blessing, will ya?
- What?
Just give us a blessing.
Forgive them, Father, for
they know not what they do.
ANTHONY: Come up with something
original. I've heard that before.
CADILLI: Let your heart
keep my commandments.
Do not let kindness
and truth leave you.
ANTHONY: Thank you, Father.
(BEEPING)
Vincent, it's the middle of the night.
What's the matter with you?
Don't make everybody know your
business. Tomorrow's another day.
She'll be all right with me.
- Tell her to come home.
- Tomorrow's another day.
July 29th, 1977.
This is a warning to all police
agencies in the tri-state area.
For your information,
a Satanic cult has been instructed
by their high command, Satan,
to systematically
kill and slaughter
young girls of good
health and clean blood.
Executioners of the cult...
SON OF SAM: Hi.
My name is
Mr. Williams.
And I live
in this hole.
I have several children who
I'm turning into killers.
Wait till they grow up.
No! Shut that dog up!
How can this be? I thought I
killed you, Mr. Black Dog.
(HYSTERICAL) How did you get
in here? Leave me alone!
What do you want?
I want you to go out and kill.
- Kill. Kill.
- (WHIMPERING)
Kill!
(TEARY) I will kill.
I will. I'll do anything you say.
I'll do anything you say.
Yes, master. I will kill.
I will kill!
(SEAGULLS CRY)
Yeah, if I can.
LOU: Listen, I gotta go.
Gentlemen, good morning. Gentlemen!
Congratulations. Death day came
and went without an incident.
I need you to stay sharp.
LOU: Pay attention to every
detail, big or small.
We're close. He knows we are.
The sick bastard knows
we're onto him.
We're close. He knows
we're after him.
Chickie, give me a fork.
CHICKIE: Vinny, you're 86'd.
You and your freaky friend.
We're all friends here.
What are you saying?
What happened?
You didn't tell them what happened?
That creepy bastard.
Customers thought he
was the Son of Sam.
- Who?
- Fucking Ritchie.
I never seen nothing like it.
Not even in 'Nam.
He's fucking exaggerating.
The kid was looking like
Night of the Living Dead.
My customers are getting
nervous from looking at him.
So I go over and ask them nicely...
Come on. It didn't
happen like that.
- What are you making it up for?
- It didn't?
No, it didn't.
He didn't jump up on the
table like a madman?
He didn't break a
glass over his head
and start licking the
blood like Bela Lugosi?
It didn't happen like that?
I never seen nothing like it.
That kid scared the
shit out of everybody.
You know what? I'll serve you guys.
But not you or that fucking ghoul.
- He's 86'd for life.
- 86 me, too.
You're 86'd 'cause it
didn't happen like that.
VINNY: You're fucking crazy.
You're fucked up.
What's the matter with you?
Ritchie does that, you don't tell us?
Come on. Are you shitting me?
Get out of here. You're not
gonna take that for serious?
What's Chickie gotta lie for?
- Anything else we should know?
- Are you hiding something?
- What is that supposed to mean?
- You didn't tell us about this.
What are you protecting him for?
- What aren't you telling us?
- Don't touch me.
What the fuck...
I'm gonna go before
something happens.
- What's wrong with you?
- Come on!
What's the matter with you?
This guy's out of line.
He's protecting Ritchie.
Fucking Ritchie.
He's got him brainwashed,
I'm telling you.
Vinny, come back here. Come on.
ANTHONY: What's with the
attitude on this kid?
Leave him alone. It ain't him.
- (DISCO MUSIC)
- (CHEERING)
Where do you know Ritchie from?
Don't worry. You don't
have to be jealous.
I knew him long before
I ever met you.
- I just didn't know he did porno.
- Oh, yeah.
(KNOCKING)
Play my Dead Boys. Don't
make me dance to this shit.
Hello, Ritchie. Mr. Macho man, tough
Bronx boy, what are you doing...
- Don't you say anything.
- Don't hurt me.
MIDNITE: Don't you touch
Bobby. Get your hands off!
Get your hands off him.
I'll fire your ass.
- (MIDNITE YELLING)
- SON OF SAM: M-U
R-D-E-R.
Murder.
ANNOUNCER: Hi, everybody.
Welcome to another big ballgame
with the Yankees and Orioles
here at Yankee Stadium.
I know everyone's been
complaining about the heat
and it's been terrible. The
heat wave has been brutal.
We've got the perfect
setting for a ballgame.
It's going to be very
exciting as usual.
Especially with Scotty
McGregor and Ron Guidry.
Guidry has more stuff
than McGregor,
but McGregor gives the Yankees a
hard time when he's pitching,
and he's doing it today.
Coming to the plate, Reggie
Jackson, who's really struggled.
Reggie steps into the
batter's box, taps the plate.
And he does look determined.
Scotty McGregor steps off
the mound, gets back on.
Here's the pitch. Strike
one for number 44.
If you remember, Reggie has had
problems with Billy Martin all year.
He's in Martin's doghouse.
He yells, but Reggie doesn't look.
They've had their problems,
but they get over it.
- Reggie steps back in the box.
- (DOG BARKING)
Here's the pitch.
- (GIRL SCREAMING)
Reggie looks for the sign from
third-base coach Dick Howser,
then steps back into the box.
Number 44 is ready.
McGregor into the wind-up.
Here's the pitch. Reggie swings,
hits a foul ball into the seats.
Looks like he split that bat.
He's gotta walk and
get another bat.
While he's doing that, you know
what's happening in New York.
Abe Beame, who was my accounting
teacher, the mayor of New York,
is really having his problems
with the Son of Sam murders
that are happening up in the Bronx.
So I want you people to be careful
when you go out spooning.
Back to the ballgame.
The Yankees have been
in a slump lately.
Reggie needs one of those long balls
to get them out of it if he can.
Reggie steps back into the
box. He's got the new bat.
McGregor checks the
sign from home plate.
Here's the pitch. Into...
- (GUNSHOTS, SHATTERING)
- Holy cow, that is gone.
Deep in the right field bleachers.
That ties the Orioles in the
bottom of the fifth inning.
Reggie Jackson gets those
home runs when you need them.
Sure came through that time.
Holy cow. Unbelievable.
Let's go to eyewitness news
reporter John Jeffries,
who's been covering this story.
Son of Sam struck last night in
Brooklyn for the first time.
I'm here, John Jeffries, in the
predominantly black neighborhood
of Bedford-Stuyvesant to
get a darker perspective.
- Ma'am.
- Yes.
I'm just hoping that they get
him quick, and I don't care.
Thank you.
It's terrible. Bad for
Brooklyn, bad for New York,
bad for America and for the world.
Thank you, sir. Your view.
Son of Sam knows better
than to come into Bed-Stuy,
do or die with that crap
'cause we don't care.
He's crazy but not that crazy.
I'd love to beat him down.
He would wish he was dead.
I'd love to catch him
here in Bed-Stuy.
Thank you.
Exactly. Hello, my name
is Cassandra Buchanan.
I live there at 85 Crown Street.
And I am going to give you
your darker perspective.
The darker perspective is...
I thank God, I thank
God, I thank God
that it's a white man who kills
all of those white people.
Because if it were a black man
who kills all of
those white people,
there would be the
biggest race riot
right here in New York city.
I'd like to say one thing.
I'm surprised you are
in the black community.
I didn't think you
liked black people.
- (PEOPLE LAUGHING)
- John Jeffries here...
In the Bedford-Stuyvesant
section of Brooklyn, New York.
Thank you, John.
(CHATTERING)
He's crazy. He had
this look in his eyes.
He said he'd kill me.
Help me, Joey.
Bobby, nobody's gonna hurt you.
It's a good thing you came to me.
- Vinny, you seen Ritchie?
- No, not me.
He's the only guy on the list we
can't account for last night.
Where's this club, CBGB's?
Are you still with that shit?
How do you follow
this clown around?
It's like the blind
leading the blind.
Who's blind? They
think for themselves.
I got my head screwed on straight.
Yeah, exactly.
I know Ritchie, okay?
I know him as if he was my brother.
Even though you saw him at the
disco the night of the killings?
Especially.
JOE: Even though we don't
know where he was?
He fits the police profile.
He's got weird religious beliefs.
That shit he pulled at the diner.
You know him that well?
- Yeah, I do.
- Tell him, Bobby.
Tell him about the fag strip joint.
Tell him who the star attraction was.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Ritchie's a dancer at Male World.
My friend works there.
He also does porno flicks.
Did you know that
about your friend?
What else don't you know
about this pervert?
It doesn't make him the Son of
Sam 'cause of that. Come on.
Killer, fag, pimp, punk rocker.
Queer, pervert, homo, degenerate.
Whatever the fuck it is.
Who wants something like
that around here anyway?
He's your friend? Don't you
wanna know what's going on?
Soon as he calls, I'm gonna
have a talk with that guy.
Talk to him? You ain't
thinking straight.
There are people getting
killed in our neighborhood.
Are you with us or not?
Vin, it's not your fault.
You didn't know. Nobody did.
He's a crazy fuck, but he's smart.
He's eluded the police and
the FBI all this time.
Listen to him.
Okay, Vin, forget about us.
But what happens if Dionna's next?
How you gonna live with that?
Knowing you could have saved
her if you'd had some balls.
JOE: Come on, Vin.
All right. I'll help
you guys, okay?
It's not just you, Vinny.
He fooled the whole world.
I said all right.
Just leave me alone.
Shut the fuck up.
JOE: You're doing the right thing.
Sure I am. I'm a great
fucking friend.
(PUNK ROCK)
(ARGUING)
Is that Vin?
- Where?
- Right there.
That's why he didn't make the gig.
Idiot got the dates mixed up.
Give me your shades.
Watch me fuck with him.
- What you gonna do?
- Watch this. Watch.
Man. You're the guy.
You've seen our handiwork.
- Get the fuck away from me.
- Cult's gonna get you.
- Get the fuck out of here.
- Man.
Shit, Ritchie. You fucking asshole.
You almost made me fucking
piss on myself, you fuck.
What the fuck did you do to
your hair? Shit looks stupid.
What the fuck are you doing here?
The gig was last week.
I gotta talk to you.
I gotta be serious.
We gotta be straight to
each other. Man to man.
Square business, okay?
Fucking look at me when I'm talking
to you. Are you in a cult?
Answer me. Are you in a
fucking cult? Please tell me.
What kind of cult?
What kind of answer is that?
Let me tell you something.
Joey T's in there.
He's got them all riled
up looking for you.
They got this list, they're spying
on people. You're top of the list.
Now laugh at that shit.
Wait a minute. What list?
You can tell me. Friend to friend.
I won't go to the cops.
Are you the Son of Sam?
They think I'm the Son of Sam?
You think I'm the Son of Sam?
It doesn't matter what I think.
They're in there right
now looking for you.
It doesn't matter?
You must have thought
something. Brought them here.
I didn't do that.
I wanted things to
be straightened out.
That's what I'm here for.
I just told them to talk to you.
Why don't you talk
to me like a man?
Man to man, like we always have.
Fuck. I wanted to, but
you've been acting strange.
Me?
Look at yourself. Look
in the fucking mirror.
Look at that hair.
What the fuck is that?
Since when does your
hair make you a killer?
- It's not your hair.
- What are you talking about?
Normal people don't
dress the way you do,
and they aren't in a cult.
You think I'm the fucking Son of Sam
and you bring a lynch mob down here.
- I'm just trying...
- I thought you were my friend.
I am your friend. I made
a mistake. I'm sorry.
Bobby the fairy tells me you're
a nude dancer at a fag club.
What am I supposed to do with that?
- What?
- He says you're a fag dancer.
Bobby the fag don't know shit.
'Cause he's a homo, now I'm one?
I don't know. You tell me.
Are you sucking dick?
First you think I'm the Son of
Sam, now I'm a fucking homo.
You lost all faith in me?
I don't know you, Ritchie.
I don't know who you fucking are.
I don't know you, man.
I don't know you, you fuck.
- Fuck you!
- RUBY: Let's go, Ritchie.
- You're gonna need me.
- Don't do me any favors.
- VINNY: Ruby! Come here.
- What happened?
RITCHIE: Fucking prick.
Ruby, can you talk to him?
- What did you do?
- VINNY: Let me talk to you for a minute.
Go home. You're always
starting fucking trouble.
Motherfucker.
Those are the freakiest people
I've ever seen in my life.
Fucking filthy.
I could take ten showers and
I'd still feel fucking dirty.
We didn't see him.
Watch where you're going, freak.
Fuck you, guido.
- What did you say?
- Fuck you, guido!
All right, man, you're drunk,
so we're gonna give
you one more chance.
Who's your favorite baseball team?
Boston Red Sox.
(YELLING)
Motherfucker.
(YELLING, STRUGGLING)
Come here, you son of a bitch!
Boston Red Sox.
Go back to Fenway, you
Beantown cocksucker.
- Let's go home.
- I ruined my pants.
- Who does this look like?
- Like a young Dean Martin.
Dean Martin.
This looks like that guy
on the Grand Concourse.
- You're not serious.
- I am.
Reno!
That Matty on the Grand
Concourse. Bring him here.
I'm on my way.
It doesn't really
look like him at all.
What do you mean,
it doesn't look like him?
If you can't see what's happening,
you're as brainwashed as Ruby is.
What do you mean, brainwashed?
Look what he's doing to her.
JOE: He's fucking Ruby while
people stand around filming it.
JOE: Would you do that to Dionna?
Would you fuck your
wife in a porn film?
Your wife, not mine.
Ruby's going along with it,
but he's got a spell over her.
He's turning her into
a fucking porn star.
Come here.
Now, you tell me...
that doesn't look like Ritchie.
- Holy shit. Let me see.
- Son of Sam.
- Wake up, Vinny.
- Shit!
Where the hell have you been?
- I'm sorry.
- You're three hours late.
- Traffic was terrible.
- Vinny.
- Dee, stay where you are.
- I gotta cut her hair.
- You'll cut her hair.
- Come over here.
- Dee, stay where you are.
Crazy things going on.
I'm almost ready, Gloria.
What are you shoving me for?
What's the matter?
- See the game last night?
- Pull yourself together.
Go in the bathroom
and shave, and take some Listerine.
Take some Listerine and pull yourself
together for these customers.
This is a business here.
You respect it.
I'm going through a tough time.
I was hoping you'd help me out.
Pull yourself together and then
we'll deal with the customers.
Dee, I'm ready.
- Now, Vinny?
- One minute.
Did you hear a word I said?
I said pull yourself the
fuck together, and then...
If it wasn't for me, you
wouldn't have this great place.
- What does that mean?
- I brought all these customers.
You came here because
of me, didn't you?
- I'm very sorry.
- Don't fucking lie.
If it wasn't for me, none
of you would be here.
This place was a piece of shit
before I fucking came here.
Watch your fucking mouth!
This is a business.
Here, Gloria. Take that.
Fuck you and fuck this place!
Get the fuck out!
Get out of my shop!
Fucking shit place. Fuck
you and your customers.
- Fuck me? I'm gonna fuck you.
- Fucking keys. Come on.
You forgot to lock the
door, you stupid bitch.
Talk to yourselves, okay.
Who took my fucking keys?
There they are.
My glasses. You sons of bitches.
VINNY: What the fuck are you doing?
What you doing, baby? Come on.
You're not gonna fucking leave me?
Come on, baby.
I'm sorry about Gloria.
I'm sorry about that shit.
It wasn't even fucking worth it.
All this time I kept my eyes closed
and made myself think
it just happened once.
Then I gotta hear it from Gloria?
Dionna, I quit.
The whole thing is over.
This is a new Vinny.
Do you understand?
How many other women did you
fuck at the salon besides her?
Baby, look.
I'm never gonna cheat again,
I swear. I'm gonna see a priest.
I'm gonna see a psychiatrist.
I know I'm sick, baby.
How many?
Was one of them named Sheri?
Come on. I made that
up for you, baby.
There was no fucking Sheri.
Don't leave me now.
Let's work this shit out.
You and I can make
this shit happen.
What about Plato's Retreat?
Okay, you're right about that.
I'm sorry what I made you do there.
You're sorry about what you
made me do, what I did.
You're not sorry
what you did to me.
You're not sorry that I
trusted you and you used me.
I'm sorry.
Baby, I'm not me, okay?
I'm fucking going through
a lot of shit right now.
He's fucking...
Ritchie's in a cult, okay?
He's got me coming or going.
He's brainwashed me.
I don't even know who I am.
The shit I'm doing now is not me.
I'm not responsible for it.
Come on.
You're blaming Ritchie for
what you're doing? Come on.
You know what?
They fucking think
he's the Son of Sam.
- That's what I gotta deal with...
- Vinny! Stop it!
What does that have to do
with you fucking other women?
I am not stupid.
I never said you were stupid. I love
you. You can't leave me over this shit.
We're husband and wife.
We've had two great years.
You're not gonna throw it out for
what big-mouth Gloria tells you.
I'm gonna throw it all out.
All of it goes out,
like you threw it out
when you stuck your dick
into some other woman.
(SOBBING) Fuck you!
Baby, look what I got
for you. Fucking flowers.
That's what I came here with.
I came with flowers 'cause I knew
I been fucking up all this time.
I've made some bad calls and I'm
a bad husband and I admit it.
I know you can't get
away with shit in life.
God sees everything.
I just want you to give
me another chance.
- (SOBBING) No.
- I can't live without you. Please.
You can't bring God into this.
You can't do that anymore.
- Baby, listen.
- I love you so much.
If you leave me,
I'm fucking gonna die.
You have to listen to me, okay?
See, I thought that what we
had was special together.
Baby, it is special.
Let me make love to you.
- Just you and me.
- It is just you and me.
It wasn't. It was everybody.
I didn't care for those bitches.
It was everybody and
everybody knew but me.
I hate myself. You don't think
I hate my fucking self?
Baby, don't leave me.
Don't do this shit to me.
I got nothing in this life.
All I got is you.
If you walk out that door, I'm gonna
jump out that window and kill myself.
'Cause I ain't got nothing, baby.
You're everything in my life.
I ain't got friends. Nothing.
I suck at everything I do.
I can't live without you.
(SOBBING) Please, baby.
God, I love you so fucking much.
Baby?
- Don't leave me.
- I'm sorry, baby.
Baby, I'm sorry, but I just
don't believe you anymore.
I'm sorry.
If you fucking leave here now,
don't expect to come back.
You can't leave and come back.
Let me go. I gotta go,
Vinny. Come on.
RITCHIE: What are you doing? Stop.
- No, I'm not gonna stop.
- What are you doing?
- Ruby.
- No.
- You better stop.
- Take this off.
Touch me.
- You want me to touch you?
- Touch me.
(SNORTING)
(TIRES SQUEAL, YELLING)
Joey! Joey. Ritchie's home.
- The sick fuck is back.
- Back?
The fucking balls on him, Joe.
He's trying to disguise himself.
He's got a blond mohawk.
Him and Ruby are trying
to make a fast getaway.
- You think they're in cahoots?
- Let's all calm the fuck down.
We gotta do this right.
- He's all excited.
- All right.
We need Vinny.
JOE: Yo, Vinny!
Vinny!
(MEN CONTINUE CALLING OUT)
- Vinny!
Fucking shit.
Vinny, come on.
JOE: Vinny, open the door!
- All right.
- BOBBY: Open the door.
Dionna's sleeping.
Can you come back later?
Take the chain off the door.
I can't talk to you out here.
- What the fuck...
- Listen to me.
Ritchie's the Son of Sam.
- Why don't we call the cops?
- Fuck the cops.
I'm calling. I don't give a shit.
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Calling the cops, you bastard!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You're the big tough
guy round here?
- You've got your lackeys...
- What is the matter with you?
(GRUNTING, MOANING)
Listen to him, Vinny.
Just listen to Joey T.
- BOBBY: Don't hurt him.
- JOE: Get up!
Get in that fucking chair.
I didn't come here to fight
with you. We need your help.
Ritchie's at home.
We want you to help.
Go and get him out of the house.
And then what? We sit
around and play cards?
What? We take him to Luigi,
okay? No rough stuff.
I swear on my mother.
- On a stack of bibles.
- JOE: No bullshit.
Yeah, right.
We're not the black cloud of
this neighborhood, all right?
We didn't fuck up your
marriage. You did.
Don't fuck up with us.
- What are you talking about?
- Your wife's got a big fucking mouth.
(ARGUING, STRUGGLING)
- I'm okay.
- I'm telling the truth!
Wait. Tell him you're sorry.
Tell him you're fucking sorry!
- All right!
- Get the fuck outta here.
Now you listen to me,
okay? All right?
Don't tell me Dionna's here,
'cause news travels fast.
You're putting that shit up your nose,
taking Quaaludes, drinking like a fish.
You don't know what's up or down.
You're gonna put your shirt
on and come over and help us.
Or, so fucking help me God,
I will fuck you where
you breathe. Okay?
Let's go, Vinny.
He treats him like a pussy.
I say one thing, he strangles me.
Police now have in custody
the man they believe is the .44
Caliber Killer, Son of Sam.
He was arrested outside his home
at 35 Pine Street in Yonkers.
New York City can now finally rest.
- Thank God.
- I thought he'd be from Brooklyn.
Police! Don't move!
Get against the car!
Give me your hand. One at a time.
Give me your right hand.
One at a time. Slowly.
Inspector Dowd, you finally got me.
Now that I got you,
who is it that I got?
- You know.
- No, I don't know.
You tell me.
- I'm Sam.
- You're Sam?
- Sam who?
- Sam. Dave Berkowitz.
A large crowd has gathered here
awaiting the arrival of Son of
Sam suspect David Berkowitz.
The police have put up barricades
to protect the alleged
.44 Caliber Killer
from a potential lynch mob.
It's a great outpouring of relief,
rage and vengeance.
- (SCREAMING)
- Kill him!
Ladies and gentlemen,
here he comes. Son of Sam.
Son of Sam, ladies and gentlemen.
We do not know which car he's in.
The crowd is going crazy.
It's pure pandemonium,
hysteria, chaos.
REPORTER: They're slowing down.
Ed, do we see him?
REPORTER: Yes! There he
is, ladies and gentlemen.
David Berkowitz.
It's David Berkowitz! There he is!
The alleged .44 Caliber Killer!
- (KNOCKING)
- Who is it?
He has a crazed look on his face.
Burn in hell!
Ritchie, it's me. Vinny. Open up.
What the fuck does he want?
(CROWD ROARING)
- What do you want?
- How you doing?
You don't get used to that hair.
- Come on. Cut to the chase.
- Hey, Ruby.
- Uh-huh.
- How's it going?
Mind if I borrow him for a minute?
(CHANTING, ROARING)
- That's him.
- (DOG BARKING)
You get him.
- I gotta talk to you.
- About what?
Dionna. She left me.
She's gonna divorce me.
It's all over.
- No.
- Yeah.
Come in, man. Come inside.
I don't wanna go inside.
I don't want her to hear me.
VINNY: Come over here.
Talk to me over here.
Please. Come on.
I'll be right back.
(MURDEROUS SCREAMING)
I had this big fight with Gloria.
She calls Dionna and tells her about
all the women I've been with.
Dionna flips out and
wants to leave me.
She wants to divorce me because
I took her to Plato's Retreat.
I don't know what to say.
We're leaving tonight.
Maybe you should, too.
We should get out.
I'm packing.
So me and her were like that.
Run. I'm sorry about everything.
Run, man. Please.
- What are you talking about?
- I'm sorry.
- Run! Now!
- Get that son of a bitch!
- JOE: Stay right there.
- (VINNY STAMMERING)
- Luigi wants to see you.
- Come on.
- Come on, man.
- You set me up!
I told you to run.
(ARGUING, YELLING)
Vinny! What the fuck are you doing?
(YELLING, STRUGGLING)
Get off me!
Come on! Fucking piece of shit!
(SCREAMING, GRUNTING)
- Come on, pick him up!
- (SCREAMING) Ritchie!
Get off of me! Get off of me!
Hold her!
JOE: Come on!
We're gonna see Luigi now.
Come on, let's go! You ain't
getting out of this one!
Come on!
(RUBY, SCREAMING) Leave him alone!
Get the fuck away from him!
What the fuck is going on here?
What the fuck is going on?
Jesus Christ!
We caught the Son of Sam.
Don't fuck with us!
He ain't the fucking Son of Sam.
They caught the killer.
- Got him in Yonkers, idiot!
- Don't fucking lie!
Tell me my Luger's full of shit.
Fuck with this, hero.
My Luger says they caught him.
Call an ambulance right
now or I start shooting.
What happened? Joey, what happened?
HELEN: Talk to me! What happened?
(WOMEN WAILING)
Get out of here. Go away.
Just beat it, kid.
You fucking traitor. What
the fuck are you doing?
I'm sorry.
Did you call an ambulance?
Yeah. It's coming.
It's coming right now.
It better be.
(DOG BARKING)
Of all the things, a parking
ticket did Son of Sam in.
On July 31st, 1977, he
shot his last two victims.
An eyewitness noticed a parking ticket
under his windshield as he left.
Of the four tickets
issued in that area,
one bore the name
of David Berkowitz,
a resident of Yonkers, New York.
At first, Berkowitz
claimed insanity,
saying a 2,000-year-old dog
named Harvey told him to do it.
Eventually he pled guilty.
That sick fuck is sewing a sentence of six
consecutive terms of 25 years to life.
The Yankees win their
21st World Series.
Of course the Yankees won the World
Series against the LA Dodgers.
Led by Reggie Jackson's
three consecutive home runs
in the sixth and deciding game.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Elvis Presley died.
3, 700 were arrested
during the blackout,
with damage going into the
hundreds of millions.
To no one's surprise,
most of the destruction
took place in Brooklyn,
Harlem and the South Bronx.
'77 was also one of the hottest
summers in memory in New York City.
New York. The city that I
love and hate equally.
There are eight million
stories in the naked city,
and this was one of them.
If I can make it there
I'll make it anywhere
It's up to you, New York
New York
New York, New York
I want to wake up in a city
that never sleeps
And find I'm A number one
top of the list king of the hill
A number one
These little town blues
are melting away
I'm gonna make a brand
new start of it
In old New York
And
if I can make it there
I'm gonna make it anywhere
It's up to you, New York
New York
(MENACING THEME REPRISE)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org